All right so let's go ahead and continue this.
So we have everything filled up here.
Let's go ahead and make sure that we are displaying some of these data.
So and come an ID we're going to display the user id user name.
We're going to display the user name of course and Bassel We now go into this play.
Of course not.
We don't want to display the password the first name and then we need that last name actually square
and do that and we say user last name you're going to copy this one.
Here we go and let's just say last name the last name and user email.
I think we just put e-mail on top here.
All right we should go and check out our.
I actually have another window here.
I'm going to show you we've got user e-mail.
OK everything's user user something so user e-mail and we've got it here.
Yes.
What else we got.
We got all up here on the had a user e-mail user role.
All right.
What else we need to take this out of here.
We don't need it.
I'm just going to come and decide we might need it for something else later.
Not sure yet and we don't have a date yet because we don't have a date set up for the user.
We should How would they feel right.
By the way it is for now my being that extra features or something but we don't need it right now.
And this one here I'm just going to take this out take this.
Now we are going to need those links now for this.
All right.
So let's go ahead and check it out.
Whoops.
A lot of arrows there right.
Let's refresh it.
Perfect.
All right.
So Rico use your name Rico Suave.
All right man.
Perfect.
We have an extra feel here that we now use and let's take that off and just go to date.
Yeah I thought it was a really good idea at that time but we're just probably going to add it later
on.
All right.
And what else is a role.
We have an extra TV here that is not doing anything.
Refresh.
Perfect.
All right.
So in the next lecture we're going to continue this and hopefully we we are able to do another part
of the crowd.
Right.
So we did the first part of the crowd now the first part but the display part of the crowd and the next
one we are going to be targeting this links right here to do something else.
All right.
Perfect.
Thank you so much.
See you in the next lecture